doc: document windows setup on top level readme (#76)
intel/cloud-streaming: doc/android_setup.rst

  https://docs.docker.com/config/daemon/systemd/.

* Make sure that docker has at least 100GB of hard disk space to use. To check available
  space run (in the example below 390GB are available)::

    $ df -h $(docker info -f '{{ .DockerRootDir}}')
    Filesystem      Size  Used Avail Use% Mounted on
    /dev/sda1       740G  320G  390G  46% /

  If disk space is not enough (for example, default ``/var/lib/docker`` is mounted to
  a small size partition which might be a case for ``/var``), consider reconfiguring
  docker storage location as follows::

    # Below assumes unaltered default docker installation when
    # /etc/docker/daemon.json does not exist
    echo "{\"data-root\": \"/mnt/newlocation\"}" | sudo tee /etc/docker/daemon.json
    sudo systemctl daemon-reload
    sudo systemctl restart docker

Setup Video Encoding Service
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Build Video Encoding Service as follows::

  docker build \
    $(env | grep -E '(_proxy=|_PROXY)' | sed 's/^/--build-arg /') \
    --file docker/encoder/ubuntu22.04/selfbuild-prodkmd/Dockerfile \
    --tag cloud-encoder \
    .

Start the service configuring docker container. You can modify video encoding settings

> to fine tune the encoding quality, select H.264 or HEVC or AV1 encoders::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to fine tune the encoding quality, select AVC or HEVC or AV1 encoders::
```
